[CN-799]: Add doc for jet engine configuration (#99)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/jet-engine-configuration.adoc

= Configuring the Jet Engine

> :description: This section describes Hazelcast’s Jet engine specific configuration using Hazelcast Platform Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: You can configure Hazelcast’s Jet engine using the Hazelcast Platform Operator.
```

{description}

== Configuring the Jet Engine

> When you run Hazelcast using Platform Operator, Jet Engine is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jet engine is enabled by default and has the following configuration options.
```
As we're in the Operator docs, I don't think we need to repeat Hazelcast Platform Operator.

[cols="20%m,20%a,60%a"]
|===
|Option|Default|Description

|enabled
|true
|When false, disables Jet Engine.

|resourceUploadEnabled
|false

> |When true, enables resource uploading for Jet jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Set to `true` to enable the uploading of resources for Jet jobs.
```

|instance/cooperativeThreadCount
|
|The number of threads Jet creates in its cooperative multithreading pool.

|instance/flowControlPeriodMS
|100
|The duration of the interval between flow-control packets.

|instance/backupCount
|1

> |The number of synchronous backups to configure on the IMap that Jet needs internally to store job metadata and snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The number of synchronous backups to configure on the IMap, which Jet needs internally to store job metadata and snapshots.
```

|instance/scaleUpDelayMS
|10000
|The delay after which the auto-scaled jobs restart if a new member joins the cluster.

|instance/losslessRestartEnabled
|false

> |Specifies whether the Lossless Cluster Restart feature is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Whether the Lossless Cluster Restart feature is enabled.
```

|instance/maxProcessorAccumulatedRecords
|

> |Specifies the maximum number of records that can be accumulated by any single processor instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The maximum number of records that can be accumulated by any single processor instance.
```

= Configuring the Jet Engine
:description: This section describes Hazelcast’s Jet engine specific configuration using Hazelcast Platform Operator.

{description}

> == Enabling Jet Engine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Configuring the Jet Engine
```
I would use `Configuring` to be consistent with other pages

When you run Hazelcast using Platform Operator, Jet Engine is enabled by default.

> == Configuration Options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Same for here, I would remove this line to be consistent with other doc pages
